add claude agent step docs (#3233)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/octopus-ai/claude-agent-step/tools.md

As an example, this configuration gives the agent read access to files in its working directory using the reference filesystem MCP server: **Type** `stdio`, **Name** `filesystem`, **Command** `npx`, **Arguments** `-y`, `@modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem`, and `.` (one per line), no **Environment Variables**, and **Tools** left at the default `*`. With this in place, a prompt such as "Use the filesystem tools to list the configuration files in the working directory and summarize them" will let the agent call the server's tools. The `npx` command must be available on the worker or target that runs the step.

## Skills

A skill is a markdown file of instructions that the agent loads on demand. Instead of putting everything in the prompt, you write focused guidance (how your team formats release notes, say, or the steps of a smoke test) and the agent reads it only when the task calls for it. Each skill has a short description, and the agent decides from that description whether the skill is relevant to what you've asked.

## Built-in skills

> Every run of the step includes three skills that connect the agent to Octopus. You don't configure these; they're always available to the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every run of the step includes skills that help the agent communicate with Octopus.
```

Reviewer: Should we link to calamari code?

The `octopus-deployment-context` skill tells the agent how to read the deployment's variables. Before the run, Octopus writes the non-sensitive deployment variables to a `deployment-variables.json` file in the agent's working directory. From this, the agent can learn the environment, project, tenant, release version, and any custom variables scoped to the step. When the agent needs more information around the deployment, the agent reads this file rather than guessing.

### Saving files as artifacts

The `octopus-artifacts` skill is how you get files out of a run and into Octopus as [artifacts](/docs/projects/deployment-process/artifacts), so they're downloadable from the deployment or task afterward.

The agent uses this skill only when your prompt explicitly asks for a file to be attached, uploaded, published, or saved to Octopus. To trigger the behavior, say so in the prompt, for example "generate a report and attach it to the deployment as an artifact."

By default the combined size of all captured artifacts is capped at 5 GB. To raise or lower it, set the `Octopus.Action.Claude.MaxArtifactSizeInMegaBytes` variable (its value is in megabytes). Exceeding the cap fails the step.

> 

Reviewer: This feels like the kind of thing that should either be present on the step or not documented. It blurs the line between what we are supporting.

```suggestion
```

### Failing the step on a condition

By default the step succeeds whenever the agent finishes normally, regardless of what it found. The `octopus-fail-deployment` skill is how you make the step fail on a condition you describe, such as "fail the deployment if the smoke test does not pass."

When your prompt states a failure condition and the agent decides it has been met, the agent writes a sentinel block in its final message:

```text
<octopus-task-failed>
Smoke test returned HTTP 500 from /health after 3 retries.
</octopus-task-failed>
```

Octopus detects the closed block and fails the step, surfacing the reason in the task log.

:::div{.hint}

> This is a best-effort signal. It depends on the agent correctly following the skill and deciding the condition is met, so it isn't a deterministic guarantee the way the step's built-in failure checks are (a non-zero exit, a denied tool call, or a budget or turn limit reached always fail the step). Use it for conditions only the agent can judge, and keep prompts specific about what should count as failure. Deterministic failure handling is covered on the [Security & Compliance](/docs/octopus-ai/claude-agent-step/security-and-compliance) page.

Reviewer: No it isn't

```suggestion
This is a best-effort signal. It depends on the agent correctly following the skill and deciding the condition is met, so it isn't a deterministic guarantee the way the step's built-in failure checks are (a non-zero exit, a denied tool call, or a budget or turn limit reached always fail the step). Use it for conditions only the agent can judge, and keep prompts specific about what should count as failure.
```
